# query feeds
"query:Unread Articles:unread = \"yes\" and tags !# \"pouet\" and tags !# \"page2rss\" and tags !# \"xiv\""
"query:Unread Articles (1 year old):unread = \"yes\" and tags !# \"pouet\" and tags !# \"page2rss\" and tags !# \"xiv\" and age between 0:365"
"query:Unread Articles (1 month old):unread = \"yes\" and tags !# \"pouet\" and tags !# \"page2rss\" and tags !# \"xiv\" and age between 0:31"
"query:Unread Articles (1 week old):unread = \"yes\" and tags !# \"pouet\" and tags !# \"page2rss\" and tags !# \"xiv\" and age between 0:7"
"query:Unread Articles (favourite):unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"favourite\""

# programming feeds
http://altdevblogaday.org/feed/ programming
http://0fps.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://29a.ch/feed.atom programming
http://3d.benjamin-thaut.de/?feed=rss2 programming
http://acko.net/blog/feed programming maths
http://adrianboeing.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
https://molecularmusings.wordpress.com/feed/ programming favourite
https://idea.popcount.org/rss.xml programming
http://zeuxcg.org/feed programming
http://akrzemi1.wordpress.com/feed/ programming c++
http://aigamedev.com/feed/ programming
http://android-developers.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming android
http://anki3d.org/feed/ programming graphics
http://blog.blackpawn.com/rss programming graphics
http://www.blackpawn.com/blog/feed/ programming graphics favourite
http://zserge.com/rss.xml programming
http://anteru.net/feed/ programming graphics
http://antirez.com/rss ~antirez programming redis
http://www.romancortes.com/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.romancortes.com/v2/feed.xml programming graphics
http://xmunkki.org/wiki/feed.php programming
http://www.pompidev.net/feed/ programming
http://www.ogre3d.org/feed programming graphics
http://gafferongames.com/feed/ programming network physics
http://andrewfsu.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming opencl
http://ariya.ofilabs.com/feed programming
http://www.yosefk.com/blog/feed programming
http://assemblyrequired.crashworks.org/feed/ programming
http://beust.com/weblog/feed/ programming javascript
http://bitsquid.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://asktherelic.com/code/feed/atom programming
http://blog.blockos.org/?feed=rss2 programming
http://blog.bengarney.com/feed/ programming
http://blog.llvm.org/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.elmindreda.org/feed/ programming
http://www.thebigblob.com/feed/ programming
http://blog.regehr.org/feed programming
http://www.realtimerendering.com/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.spuify.co.uk/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.paradeofrain.com/feed/ programming indie
http://animationphysics.wordpress.com/feed/ programming physics
http://blog.gamedeff.com/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://www.reenigne.org/blog/feed/ programming
http://www.thetenthplanet.de/feed programming graphics
http://www.realityprime.com/feed programming
http://www.syedrezaali.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://www.sjbrown.co.uk/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.mikeash.com/pyblog/rss.py?mode=fulltext programming
http://blog.blackhc.net/feed/ programming
http://meandmark.com/blog/feed/ programming indie
http://attractivechaos.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://www.macieira.org/blog/feed/ programming Qt
http://allenchou.net/feed/ programming
http://blog.hvidtfeldts.net/index.php/feed/ programming maths fractals
http://www.numb3r23.net/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.technofumbles.com/weblog/feed/ programming compression
http://www.swageroo.com/wordpress/feed/ programming
http://www.luxrender.net/newsblog/rss_data/3 programming graphics raytracing
http://www.lab4games.net/zz85/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://bouliiii.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics raytracing
http://www.joshuagranick.com/blog/feed programming
http://www.inear.se/feed/ programming graphics
http://blog.8thlight.com/feed/atom.xml programming
http://benjamin-meyer.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.gamesfrommars.fr/feed/ programming
http://blog.cmpxchg8b.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.golang.org/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.shayanjaved.com/feed/ programming
http://www.redcode.nl/feed/ programming
http://blog.reverberate.org/feeds/posts/default programming
http://www.nicolaslelong.fr/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.makingartstudios.com/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.opengl.org/news/rss_2.0/ programming graphics opengl
http://blog.nobel-joergensen.com/feed/ programming graphics opengl
http://blog.selfshadow.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.insomniacgames.com/category/research-development/feed/ programming
http://blog.stevemcauley.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/rss.aspx programming favourite
http://devmaster.net/posts.rss programming
https://www.gamedev.net/articles/?rss=1 ~gamedev.net programming
http://bartoszmilewski.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://blog.runevision.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://cbloomrants.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://www.kyleschouviller.com/feed/ programming
http://www.flashbang.se/feed programming
http://www.forceflow.be/feed/ programming
http://www.codeofhonor.com/blog/feed programming
http://www.derschmale.com/feed/ programming
http://www.intermediaware.com/blog/feed programming
http://toddwerth.com/feed programming
http://blog.icare3d.org/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://blog.joa-ebert.com/feed/ programming
http://www.popekim.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://www.iryoku.com/feed programming graphics
http://briansharpe.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://crashcoder.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://creativejs.com/feed/ programming javascript
http://c0de517e.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://www.farfarer.com/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://brnz.org/hbr/?feed=rss2 programming
http://buildnewgames.com/atom.xml programming
http://chadaustin.me/feed/ programming
http://blog.tojicode.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://www.deadalnix.me/feed/ programming
http://codeflow.org/feed.rss programming graphics opengl webgl
http://cottonvibes.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blogs.msdn.com/shawnhar/rss.xml programming graphics directx
http://coldattic.info/shvedsky/pro/blogs/a-foo-walks-into-a-bar/posts/rss programming
http://code.danyork.com/feed/ programming
http://www.kadrmasconcepts.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://www.johanholwerda.nl/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.rockonflash.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://blogs.technet.com/b/markrussinovich/atom.aspx programming
http://casual-effects.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://chaosinmotion.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
https://chaosinmotion.blog/feed/ programming
#http://donw.org/b/rss.xml programming graphics
http://donw.io/post/index.xml programming graphics
http://d0cs4vage.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://codeascraft.etsy.com/feed/ programming
http://www.pjblewis.com/articles/feed/ programming graphics
http://blog.andrewray.me programming
http://www.codersnotes.com/atom/ programming
http://tommyhinks.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://eli.thegreenplace.net/feed/ programming
http://www.bionicbeagle.com/wp/?feed=rss2 programming
http://ericasadun.com/feed/ programming
http://www.asawicki.info/news_rss.php5 programming
https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/feed programming
http://diogo.codingcorner.net/?feed=rss2&cat=12 programming
http://en.nicoptere.net/?feed=rss2 programming flash
http://donolmstead.me/feed/ programming
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/vsproject/rss.aspx programming
http://duartes.org/gustavo/blog/feed programming
http://ericniebler.com/feed/ programming c++
http://deplinenoise.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://www.reedbeta.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://cg.alexandra.dk/feed/ programming graphics
http://fabiensanglard.net/rss.xml programming
http://labs.domipheus.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://fgiesen.wordpress.com/feed/ programming favourite
http://dougrogers.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/bkcore-thibautdespoulain
http://www.backtothepixel.com/rss.xml programming graphics webgl
http://ericlippert.com/feed/ programming
http://fastcompression.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming compression favourite
http://divergentcoder.com/feed.xml programming
http://coderview.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://fahrenheit2539.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://www.roastedamoeba.com/blog/atom.xml programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/antirez programming redis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/softwaretechandmore programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/opensoul programming
http://engineering.imvu.com/feed/ programming
http://www.nickdarnell.com/feed programming
http://www.airtightinteractive.com/feed/ programming
http://aras-p.info/atom.xml programming favourite
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codeincomplete programming
http://gbgames.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://www.pixelnerve.com/v/feed/ programming
http://www.stevestreeting.com/feed/ programming
http://blogs.aerys.in/jeanmarc-leroux/feed/ programming
http://diaryofagraphicsprogrammer.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CppSoup programming c++
http://codeblog.jonskeet.uk/feed/ programming
http://beautifulpixels.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphcis
http://blog.irayrender.com/rss programming graphics
http://blogs.msdn.com/vcblog/rss.xml programming c++
http://codesuppository.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://cpptruths.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming c++
http://digestingduck.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ChrisGranger programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GiantRobotsSmashingIntoOtherGiantRobots programming
feed://feeds.feedburner.com/GiantRobotsSmashingIntoOtherGiantRobots programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/KarlSeguinsBlog programming redis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Lighthouse3d programming graphics opengl
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/RayWenderlich programming ios
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SolarianProgrammer programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ThoughtsSerializer programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/g-truc programming graphics opengl
http://feeds.feedburner.com/holman programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/idevblogaday programming ios
http://feeds.feedburner.com/jeffkreeftmeijer programming
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/EverydayFlash programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/mraleph programming
http://flexmonkey.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://flohofwoe.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://forum.beyond3d.com/external.php?type=RSS2&forumids=22 programming
http://forum.beyond3d.com/external.php?type=RSS2&forumids=42 programming
http://fpcomplete.com/feed/ programming
http://gameangst.com/?feed=rss2 programming
http://gamearchitect.net/feed/ programming
http://gamedevcoder.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://www.jonolick.com/2/feed programming
http://games.greggman.com/game/feed/ programming
http://gamesfromwithin.com/feed programming
http://github.prideout.net/atom.xml programming
http://googleappsdeveloper.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://googlecode.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://googletesting.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming test
http://gpupro.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://gpuzen.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://graphicrants.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://graphicsrunner.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://grgrdvrt.com/blog/feed/ programming graphics
http://gustedt.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://hacksoflife.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://hbfs.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://herbsutter.wordpress.com/feed/ programming c++
http://home.comcast.net/~tom_forsyth/blog.wiki.xml programming
http://eelpi.gotdns.org/blog.wiki.xml programming
http://humus.name/rss.xml programming graphics
http://i-am-glow.com/?feed=rss2 programming graphcis webbl
http://iki.fi/sol/rss.xml programming
http://irrlicht3d.org/rss.xml programming graphics
http://jbremer.org/feed/ programming
http://jet.ro/feed/ programming
http://jfdube.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://johnwhigham.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JoniSalonen programming
http://joostdevblog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://journal.stuffwithstuff.com/feed programming
http://kevin.deldycke.com/feed/ programming
http://landonf.bikemonkey.org/index.rss programming
http://lemire.me/blog/feed/ programming
http://kriscg.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://lol.zoy.org/blog?format=rss programming
http://merlin3d.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://learningwebgl.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming graphics webgl
http://leewinder.co.uk/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://libcinder.org/feeds/blog/ programming graphics
http://lousodrome.net/blog/light/feed/ programming
http://lspiroengine.com/?feed=rss2 programming
http://lucumr.pocoo.org/feed.atom programming
http://magnuswrenninge.com/feed programming graphics
http://marcgravell.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://markshroyer.com/feed/ programming
http://martinecker.com/martincodes/feed/ programming graphics
http://mechanical-sympathy.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://meetingcpp.com/blogen.xml programming c++
http://metaphysicaldeveloper.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://mike.teczno.com/notes/index.xml programming
http://blog.mmacklin.com/feed/ programming graphics fluids
http://mmikkelsen3d.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://mmmovania.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics opengl
http://moinakg.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://monoinfinito.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://mouaif.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://msinilo.pl/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://msinilo.pl/blog2/index.xml programming
http://mudcu.be/journal/feed/ programming
http://my.opera.com/Vorlath/xml/rss/blog/ programming
http://my.opera.com/emoller/xml/rss/blog/ programming
http://mynameismjp.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://ncannasse.fr/wiki/rss?path=blog programming
http://nervedemosystem.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://ochafik.free.fr/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://oos.moxiecode.com/blog/index.php/feed/ programming
http://openglbook.com/feed/ programming graphics opengl
http://openmp.org/wp/feed/ programming
http://orenk2k.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://outerra.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://overbyte.com.au/index.php/overbyte-blog/latest?format=feed&type=rss programming
http://pagcoder.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://paulmck.livejournal.com/data/rss?tag=is%20parallel%20programming%20hard programming
http://petersobot.com/atom.xml programming
http://philippe.elsass.me/feed/ programming
http://phoboslab.org/log/feed programming graphics
http://pkisensee.spaces.live.com/feed.rss programming
http://preney.ca/paul/feed/ programming
http://preshing.com/feed programming favourite
http://procworld.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphis
http://prog21.dadgum.com/atom.xml programming
http://psgraphics.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://sealedabstract.com/feed/rss/ programming
http://randomascii.wordpress.com/feed/ programming favourite
http://rastergrid.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://rauwendaal.net/feed/ programming
http://raytracey.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://realtimecollisiondetection.net/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://rectangleworld.com/blog/feed programming graphics
http://renderingpipeline.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://repi.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://research.swtch.com/feed.atom programming
http://rgba32.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://ridiculousfish.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://rmurphey.com/atom.xml programming
http://www.rigsofrods.com/blog_external.php?type=RSS2 programming
http://roberthodgin.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://roy-t.nl/index.php/feed/ programming
http://samsaffron.com/posts.rss programming
http://sandervanrossen.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://www.sayinghai.com/wp/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://scientificninja.com/feed programming
http://scottmeyers.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming c++
http://scriptogr.am/jj/feed programming c++
http://sea-of-memes.com/rss.xml programming graphics
http://sebastiansylvan.com/feed/ programming
http://www.sebastiansylvan.com/index.xml programming
http://sebh-blog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://seblagarde.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://simblob.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://simonstechblog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://slackito.com/feed/ programming
http://soledadpenades.com/feed/ programming
http://solid-angle.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://sree.kotay.com/atom.xml programming
http://steve.vinoski.net/blog/feed/atom/ programming
http://stevehanov.ca/blog/?atom programming favourite
http://swiftcoder.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://sylefeb.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://takinginitiative.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://tatourian.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
#https://tatourian.blog/feed/ programming
http://the-free-meme.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://the-witness.net/news/?feed=rss2 programming
http://thiagocosta.net/?feed=rss2 programming
http://timothylottes.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
https://timothylottes.github.io/index.rss programming
http://tinodidriksen.com/feed/ programming
http://www.codercorner.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
#http://www.kvraudio.com/forum/feed.php?f=33 programming
http://www.mahdiyusuf.com/rss programming
http://tomkirbygreen.com/feed/ programming
http://torjo.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming webgl
http://twistedoakstudios.com/blog/?feed=rss programming
http://unigine.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://unigine.com/devlog/rss.xml programming
http://ventspace.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://blog.virtualglobebook.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://voxelium.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://voxels.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://wanderingcoder.net/feed/ programming
http://250bpm.com/feed/pages/pagename/blog/category/blog/t/250bpm-blogs/h/http%3A%2F%2Fwww.250bpm.com%2Fblog programming
http://www.artfromcode.com/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://www.artima.com/spotlight/feeds/spotlight.rss programming
http://www.bit-101.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.dasprinzip.com/prinzipiell/feed/ programming
http://www.ddj.com/rss/cpp.xml programming c++
http://www.gamerendering.com/feed/ programming
http://www.gpgpu.org/cgi-bin/blosxom.cgi/index.rss programming gpgpu
http://www.real-time-volume-graphics.org/?feed=rss2 programming
http://www.strchr.com/?feed=news programming
http://www.thealphablenders.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.volumesoffun.com/feed/ programming
http://colinbarrebrisebois.com/feed/ programming
https://mollyrocket.com/forums/rss.php?ignored=0 programming
http://yosoygames.com.ar/wp/feed/ programming
http://interplayoflight.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://bookofhook.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.l0cal.com/feed/ programming
http://pointersgonewild.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://mosra.cz/blog/rss-en.php programming
http://joeduffyblog.com/feed programming
http://tangentvector.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://floored.com/atom.xml programming
http://mcnopper.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://polycode.tumblr.com/rss programming
http://oroboro.com/feed/ programming
http://git-scm.com/blog.rss programming
https://yinwang0.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Kholdcode programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/50plyBlog programming
http://www.openglsuperbible.com/feed/ programming
http://www.clicktorelease.com/rss.xml programming
http://probablydance.com/feed/ programming
http://www.uncontrol.com/feed/ programming
http://bordeen.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://9elements.com/io/index.php/feed/ programming
http://notes.underscorediscovery.com/rss/ programming
http://www.p1xelcoder.com/feed/ programming
http://alisdair.mcdiarmid.org/feed.atom programming
http://blog.coldflake.com/rss.xml programming
http://planet.clang.org/atom.xml programming
http://ndkovac.tumblr.com/rss programming
http://crntaylor.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://www.filmicworlds.com/feed/ programming
http://tomdalling.com/blog/feed programming
http://www.slashslash.info/feed/ programming
http://strilanc.com/feed.xml programming
http://ginsweater.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://barradeau.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://blog.duangle.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://linux-debugger-bits.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://johnwhite3d.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://hubicka.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://useyourloaf.com/blog/rss.xml programming
http://bartwronski.com/feed/ programming
http://tolgaceylan.tumblr.com/rss programming
http://fapad3d.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://www.joshbarczak.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://notes.ericjiang.com/feed programming
http://www.kiransprojects.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://codepen.io/andremichelle/blog/feed/ programming audio
http://hopperapp.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
http://sheredom.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://weblog.kimkulling.de/?feed=rss2 programming
http://kimkulling.de/feed/ programming
http://jamesdolan.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://www.alexandre-pestana.com/feed/ programming
http://blog.feabhas.com/feed/rss2/ programming
http://h14s.p5r.org/feed programming
https://knarkowicz.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://danluu.com/atom.xml programming
http://nullprogram.com/feed/ programming
http://www.pagetable.com/?feed=rss2 programming
http://petersikachev.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://ndebug.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://unknownworlds.com/futureperfect/feed/ programming
http://snaipe.me/feed.xml programming
https://ferransole.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://zulko.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://arne-mertz.de/feed/ "~Simplify C++" programming c++
http://blog.mattbierner.com/rss/ programming c++
https://blog.mattbierner.com/atom.xml programming c++
http://shaneenishry.com/feed.xml programming
http://www.adriancourreges.com/atom.xml programming graphics
http://www.duskborn.com/feed/ programming
http://wadeb.com/blog/feed.xml programming
http://www.alexstjohn.com/WP/feed/ programming
http://lcamtuf.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://locklessinc.com/feed.rss programming
http://www.evanmiller.org/news.xml programming
http://kennykerr.ca/feed/ programming c++
http://sub.blue/feed.rss programming graphics
http://zverovich.net/atom.xml programming
http://yapb-soc.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default progamming c++
http://marek.vavrusa.com/feed.xml programming
http://seanmiddleditch.com/rss/ programming
http://birdgames.nl/feed/ programming
http://b.atch.se/rss.xml programming c++
http://codeofthedamned.com/index.php?tempskin=_atom programming
http://codingadventures.me/feed/ programming
http://renderdoc.org/blogrss/Graphics-in-Plain-Language/ programming graphics
http://richg42.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming favourite
https://dolphin-emu.org/blog/feeds/ programming
http://andrea.corbellini.name/feed/ programming
http://andrea.corbellini.name/feed.atom programming
http://feeds.exploringbinary.com/exploringbinary programming
http://nfrechette.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://blog.noctua-software.com/atom.xml programming
http://leifnode.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://gilesbowkett.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
#http://natoshabard.com/rss programming
http://natosha-bard.com/rss programming
http://kmamou.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://blog.httrack.com/atom.xml programming
http://www.remarkablyrestrained.com/feed.xml programming
http://roar11.com/feed/ programming
http://nickdesaulniers.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://dhruvbird.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://marcinignac.com/rss/ programming graphics
https://raytracedminecraft.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://blog.cleancoder.com/atom.xml programming
#http://www.farrarfocus.com/feed/ programming
http://accu.org/index.php/articles?theme=rss programming
http://stevengharms.com/atom.xml programming
http://adriansampson.net/blog.xml programming
http://turbochaos.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://manu343726.github.io/feed.xml programming
http://furbo.org/feed/ programming
http://wongmichael.com/feed/ programming
https://www.tinycranes.com/rss.xml programming
http://blog.ometer.com/feed/ programming
http://mollyrocket.com/casey/stream_atom.rss programming
http://eev.ee/feeds/atom.xml programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MessWithYourJunk programming
https://smcgro.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://brandonpelfrey.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://www.elbeno.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming
https://natecraun.net/feed.xml programming
http://lowlevelbits.org/atom.xml programming
https://gamedevdaily.io/feed programming
http://www.randygaul.net/feed/ programming
http://upcoder.com/feed programming
http://cppcast.libsyn.com/rss programming
http://stephaniehurlburt.com/blog?format=RSS programming
http://panavtec.me/feed/ programming
http://gpuopen.com/feed/ programming
http://xania.org/feed programming
https://matt.sh/.rss programming
http://troydm.github.io/atom.xml programming
http://blog.demofox.org/feed/ programming
http://charlesleifer.com/blog/rss/ programming
http://programmingisterrible.com/rss programming
http://www.mr-edd.co.uk/rss.xml programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codeandgraphics programming
http://www.bfilipek.com/feeds/posts/default programming
https://procedural.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://procedural.github.io/index.xml programming
https://optimiserly.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://ewontfix.com/feed.rss programming
https://stoyannk.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://basesandframes.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://ithare.com/rssfeed/ programming
https://www.imperialviolet.org/iv-rss.xml programming
http://number-none.com/blow/blog/feed.xml programming
http://notes.willcrichton.net/rss/ programming
http://icospheric.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://j00ru.vexillium.org/?feed=rss2 programming
http://radek.io/rss.xml programming
http://rasmusbarr.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://loonytek.com/feed/ programming
http://jvns.ca/atom.xml programming
http://roy.red/feeds/all.atom.xml programming
https://fuzzyreflection.com/feed/ programming
http://belkadan.com/blog/atom programming
http://www.rorydriscoll.com/feed/ programming
https://jackmott.github.io//feed.xml programming
http://ninslash.com/feed/ programming
http://momentsingraphics.de/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/visualstudio/feed/ programming
http://www.miaumiau.cat/feed/ programming graphics
http://amir.rachum.com/feed.xml programming
https://imagineraytracer.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://floooh.github.io/feed.xml programming graphics
http://shaderbits.com/rss.xml programming graphics
http://bitfunnel.org/index.xml programming
http://www.rasterman.com/rss.xml programming
https://nlguillemot.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://alschwalm.com/blog/static/rss/index.xml programming
https://engineering.riotgames.com/news/feed programming
https://kristerw.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
https://traxnet.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
http://www.randomprogramming.com/feed/ programming
http://machinethink.net/blog/index.xml programming graphics
https://sakibsaikia.github.io/feed.xml programming graphics
http://marc-b-reynolds.github.io/feed.xml programming graphics
http://www.lebarba.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://wacki.me/feed.xml programming graphics
http://www.diusrex.com/feed/ programming
http://ourmachinery.com/index.xml programming
http://blog.tartanllama.xyz/feed.xml programming c++
http://www.epicshaders.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/feed/ programming
https://kosmonautblog.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://bulldozer00.com/feed/ programming
http://nehe.gamedev.net/rss/ programming
http://www.corsix.org/rss.xml programming
https://www.fasterthan.life/blog?format=RSS programming graphics
http://www.aerialmantis.co.uk/feed.xml programming c++
http://blog.digital-horror.com/rss/ programming graphics
https://jendrikillner.bitbucket.io/index.xml programming graphics
https://www.pvk.ca/atom.xml programming
https://blog.plan99.net/feed programming
https://rmarcus.info/blog/atom.xml programming
http://ericlengyel.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
https://erkaman.github.io/rss.xml programming
https://blog.rpis.ec/feeds/all.atom.xml programming security
http://www.swedishcoding.com/feed/ programming
https://www.blogger.com/feeds/5055426614227209030/posts/default programming
http://kylehalladay.com/atom.xml programming
https://jeffamstutz.io/feed/ programming
https://www.alanzucconi.com/feed/ programming
http://www.elopezr.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://pharr.org/matt/blog/feed.xml programming
https://hsivonen.fi/feed/atom/ programming rust
https://medium.com/feed/@jamis programming
http://thomaskole.nl/feed/ programming graphics
https://dendibakh.github.io/feed.xml programming
http://thomasdiewald.com/blog/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
http://apoorvaj.io/feed.xml programming graphics
https://grahamhazel.com/blog/feed/ programming
http://wwwtyro.net/feed.xml programming graphics
https://code.visualstudio.com/feed.xml programming
https://schuttejoe.github.io/index.xml programming graphics
https://kazakov.life/feed/ programming
https://www.kusma.xyz/feed.xml programming
https://nical.github.io/feeds/all.atom.xml programming
http://bitshifter.github.io/atom.xml programming graphics
https://technik90.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
http://nurpax.github.io/rss.xml programming
http://metalkit.org/feed.xml programming graphics
https://rivten.github.io/atom.xml programming graphics
https://ndotl.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://deadvoxels.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming graphics
https://www.ronja-tutorials.com/feed.xml programming graphics
https://www.wihlidal.com/feed.xml programming graphics
http://tonsky.me/blog/atom.xml programming
http://dtrace.org/blogs/bmc/feed/ programming
http://treyhunner.com/atom.xml programming python
https://www.3dgep.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://www.gijskaerts.com/wordpress/?feed=rss2 programming graphics
https://www.superluminal.eu/feed/ programming
https://blog.rust-lang.org/feed.xml programming rust
https://abiondo.me/feed.xml programming
http://nikhilism.com/index.xml programming
https://pkeir.github.io/feed.xml programming
http://daugaard.org/feed/ programming
https://lxjk.github.io/rss/ programming
https://pycoders.com/feed/bmtfgMEB programming
http://www.gingerbill.org/article/index.xml programming
https://yupferris.github.io/blog/feed.xml programming
https://branchfree.org/feed/ programming
https://giordi91.github.io/index.xml programming
https://zalo.github.io/feed.xml programming
https://auzaiffe.wordpress.com/feed/ programming graphics
https://bheisler.github.io/index.xml programming

#machine learning
http://www.cleverhans.io/feed.xml machinelearning
http://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/feed.xml machinelearning
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Pyimagesearch machinelearning
http://deeplearning.net/feed/ machinelearning
http://karpathy.github.io/feed.xml machinelearning
https://medium.com/feed/@karpathy machinelearning
https://guillaumegenthial.github.io/feed.xml machinelearning
https://www.fast.ai/atom.xml machinelearning
https://distill.pub/rss.xml machinelearning
http://www.wildml.com/feed/ machinelearning
http://deliprao.com/feed machinelearning
https://www.deeplearning.ai/feed/ machinelearning
https://sgugger.github.io/feeds/all.atom.xml machinelearning
https://medium.com/feed/@radekosmulski machine learning
https://blog.ml.cmu.edu/feed/ machine learning
https://medium.com/feed/@gidishperber machine learning

# library feeds
http://box2d.org/feed/
http://pugixml.org/feed/
http://blog.qt.digia.com/feed/

# web feeds
https://hacks.mozilla.org/feed/ web
#http://www.webcreme.com/feed/ web
http://www.stevesouders.com/blog/feed/ web
http://ricardocabello.com/rss/ web
http://badassjs.com/rss web
http://benfrain.com/feed/ web
http://blog.chromium.org/feeds/posts/default web
http://www.zeldman.com/rss/ web
http://blog.haml.info/rss web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/paul-irish web
http://blog.webplatform.org/feed/ web
http://christianheilmann.com/feed/ web
http://blog.patrickmeenan.com/feeds/posts/default web
http://compass-style.org/blog/atom.xml web css
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JohnResig web
http://www.alistapart.com/feed/rss.xml web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/24ways web
http://fhtr.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/csswizardrycom web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/csswizardry web
http://css-ig.net/rss/flux web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CssTricks web css
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SimpleA11Y web accessibility
http://blog.vjeux.com/feed web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AshleyFord-Papermashupcom web
http://gfxprose.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/html5rocks web
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/atom.xml web
http://www.css3files.com/feed/ web css
http://taras.glek.net/atom.xml web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/mootools-blog web javascript
http://feeds.feedburner.com/matthewjamestaylor?format=xml web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/remysharp web javascript
http://feeds.feedburner.com/somerandomdude web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thesassway web css sass
http://feeds.justinhileman.info/justinhileman/blog web
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/awf-allposts web
http://hakim.se/rss.xml web
http://html5doctor.com/feed/ web
http://inessential.com/xml/rss.xml web
http://jquery.com/blog/feed/ web jquery
http://mobiletestingfordummies.tumblr.com/rss web
http://nicolasgallagher.com/feed/ web
http://palantir.net/blog/feed ~palantir.net web
http://responsivedesignweekly.com/feed/ web responsive
http://taitems.tumblr.com/rss web
http://tiamat.tsotech.com/tiamat.rss web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/spf13 web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/RubyRedBricks web
http://jakoblaegdsmand.com/feed.xml web
http://codepen.io/chriscoyier/blog/feed/ web
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/tympanus web
http://hugogiraudel.com/rss/ web
https://www.w3.org/community/gpu/feed/ web
https://daverupert.com/atom.xml web

# sysadmin feeds
http://blog.linuxmint.com/?feed=rss2 linux
http://2bits.com/contents/articles/feed drupal
https://blog.flameeyes.eu/articles.atom autotools
http://blog.martinfjordvald.com/feed/ nginx
http://blog.nicolargo.com/feed linux
http://blog.sanctum.geek.nz/feed/ linux tmux
http://www.debian-administration.org/atom.xml linux debian
http://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ linux archlinux
http://dtrace.org/blogs/brendan/feed/ dtrace
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/Command-line-fu cli
http://kbeezie.com/feed/ nginx
http://pcloadletter.co.uk/feed/ synology
https://www.madboa.com/blog/index.xml
http://samrowe.com/wordpress/feed/
https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/commandline/feed/

# maths feeds
http://and-what-happened.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default maths
http://algorithmist.wordpress.com/feed/ maths
http://www.algorithmist.net/?feed=rss2 maths
http://www.johndcook.com/blog/feed/ maths
http://blog.wolfram.com/feed/ maths
http://blog.kenperlin.com/?feed=rss2 maths
http://boredzo.org/blog/feed/atom maths
http://www.elegantcoding.com/feeds/posts/default maths
http://jeremykun.com/feed/ maths
http://unapologetic.wordpress.com/feed/ maths
http://vihart.com/blog/rss.xml maths
http://www.essentialmath.com/blog/?feed=rss2 maths
http://feeds.feedburner.com/matthen maths

# misc feeds
http://awomanwelove.tumblr.com/rss misc
http://xkcd.com/atom.xml fun
http://yieldthedog.github.com/atom.xml misc
http://pempek.net/feed/
http://blog.stackoverflow.com/feed/ misc
http://www.teknidermy.com/fridge/news.0.91.rss misc gui
http://www.mondaynote.com/feed/ misc
http://www.fuzzyyellowballs.com/feed/ misc tennis
http://blog.iphone-dev.org/rss misc
http://croustination.com/feed/ misc
http://dev.weechat.org/feed/atom misc
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/Explosm misc
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror/ misc
http://vimcasts.org/feeds/ogg misc vim
http://ultimex.over-blog.com/rss-articles.xml misc
http://feeds.danielmiessler.com/danielmiessler misc
https://medium.com/feed/usevim misc vim
http://drgoulu.com/feed/ misc
http://dougmccune.com/blog/feed/ misc
#http://createdigitalmotion.com/feed/ misc
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/abduzeedo misc
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/Ontwik misc
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ScottHanselman misc
http://feeds.feedburner.com/amixdk misc
#http://fuckyeahfluiddynamics.tumblr.com/rss misc
http://ha-ha-ha.tumblr.com/rss misc
http://jordanmechner.com/feed/ misc
http://redmeat.lapin.org/fluxrss.xml misc
http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/atom.xml misc
http://thechangelog.com/rss misc
http://statico.github.com/atom.xml misc vim
http://vimbits.com/bits.rss?sort=new misc vim
http://vimbits.com/bits.rss?sort=top misc vim
http://www.geeks3d.com/?feed=rss2 misc
http://www.zdziarski.com/blog/?feed=rss2 misc
http://williamdurand.fr/atom.xml misc
http://kri.gs/atom.xml misc
http://icogif.tumblr.com/rss misc
http://vihart.com/feed misc
http://markus.com/rss/ misc
http://euri.ca/feed/index.xml misc
http://spritesmods.com/rss.php misc
http://mollyrocket.com/jacs/jacs_s04_atom.rss misc
http://nickbradbury.com/feed/ misc
http://vim.watch/feed.xml vim misc
http://boz.com/boz.rss misc
http://paperswelove.org/feed.xml misc
http://harmful.cat-v.org/Blog/index.atom misc
http://gloryowlcomix.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default misc
http://www.eecis.udel.edu/~mckennar/blog/rss.xml misc
http://fail0verflow.com/blog/excerptsfeed.xml misc
http://blog.dustinkirkland.com/feeds/posts/default misc

# demoscene feeds
#http://www.pouet.net/export/lastprodsreleased.rss.php demoscene pouet
http://bbs.demoscene.fr/.xml/?type=rss demoscene
http://www.iquilezles.org/blog/?feed=rss2 demoscene programming graphics
http://www.jco.de/feed/ demoscene
http://www.pixtur.org/content/rss demoscene
http://copypastaresearch.tumblr.com/rss programming demoscene
http://directtovideo.wordpress.com/feed/ demoscene
http://feeds.feedburner.com/displayhack demoscene
http://www.bitsnbites.eu/?feed=rss2 demoscene programming synth
http://www.evilpaul.org/wp/feed/ demoscene
http://code4k.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming demoscene
http://xt95.tuxfamily.org/blog/?feed=rss2 demoscene
http://geidav.wordpress.com/feed/ demoscene programming
http://illogictree.com/blog/feed/ demoscene programming
http://iquilezles.org/www/rss.php demoscene programming graphics
http://kbi.theelude.eu/?feed=rss2 demoscene programming
http://keyj.s2000.ws/?feed=rss2 demoscene programming
https://keyj.emphy.de/feed/ demoscene programming
http://kile.stravaganza.org/rss.php demoscene
http://plastic-demo.nazwa.pl/wordpress/?feed=rss2 demoscene
http://rcl-rs-vvg.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default demoscene
http://sizecoding.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default demoscene programming
http://trixter.oldskool.org/feed/ demoscene
http://www.ctrl-alt-test.fr/?feed=rss2 demoscene programming
http://www.iguanademos.com/Jare/wp/?feed=rss2 demoscene programming
http://yupferris.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default demoscene programming
http://zerkman.sector1.fr/index.php?feed/atom demoscene programming
http://www.simppa.fi/blog/feed/ demoscene programming

# rendering feeds
http://www.eugenedeon.com/feed/atom/ rendering

# application feeds
#http://www.mendeley.com/blog/feed/
http://www.sublimetext.com/blog/feed
http://appleseedhq.net/rss.xml
http://feedproxy.google.com/ContinuousBlog jenkins
http://www.blender.org/feed/
http://pinboard.in/feed
http://rogueamoeba.com/utm/feed/
http://www.indigorenderer.com/blog/feed
http://www.mitsuba-renderer.org/devblog/?feed=rss2

# news feeds
#http://www.clubic.com/xml/news.xml ~clubic.com news
#http://feeds.macbidouille.com/macbidouille/ news
#http://nautil.us/rss/all news

# typography feeds
http://feeds.feedburner.com/webtype typography
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ILoveTypography

# uncategorized feeds
http://ahmetalpbalkan.com/blog/feed/
http://blog.alexmaccaw.com/feed
http://yqlblog.net/blog/feed/
http://baus.net/atom.xml
http://badcorporatelogo.spaces.live.com/feed.rss
http://andrewrussell.net/feed/
http://blog.habets.pp.se/rss
http://www.macmation.com/blog/feed/
http://www.witchboy.net/feed/
http://blog.millermedeiros.com/feed/
http://yanpritzker.com/feed/
http://blog.arsthanea.com/feed/
#http://www.jwz.org/blog/feed/
http://blog.serverfault.com/feed/
http://blog.notdot.net/feeds/atom.xml
http://www.ir-ltd.net/feed/
http://www.joelonsoftware.com/rss.xml
http://blog.onebyonedesign.com/feed/
http://rfw.name/blog/feed.xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/noumena/
http://santyhammer.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://www.codedanger.com/caglar/feed
http://www.joesfer.com/?feed=rss2
http://blog.caustik.com/feed/
http://www.derekwyatt.org/feed/
http://corte.si/rss.xml
http://www.futurechips.org/feed
http://www.motiondraw.com/blog/?feed=rss2
http://corensic.wordpress.com/feed/
http://code-spot.co.za/feed/
http://blog.sigfpe.com/feeds/posts/default
http://ejohansson.se/feed/
http://enja.org/feed/
http://www.clownfrogfish.com/feed/
http://www.saschawillems.de/?feed=rss2
http://dickyjim.wordpress.com/feed/
http://drawlogic.com/feed/
http://entersingularity.wordpress.com/feed/
http://blog.1024cores.net/feeds/posts/default
http://www.nullpointer.co.uk/content/feed/
http://blogs.gnome.org/clutter/feed/
http://www.alecjacobson.com/weblog/?feed=rss2
http://valokuva.org/?feed=rss2
http://winntfs.com/feed/
http://www.drbunsen.org/feed.xml
http://wadeawalker.wordpress.com/feed/
http://distantsoulsdev.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://feeds.feedburner.com/metafizzy
http://formandcode.tumblr.com/rss
http://www.puppygames.net/blog/?feed=rss2
http://feeds.feedburner.com/warpspire
http://www.cforcoding.com/feeds/posts/default
http://www.defenceindepth.net/feeds/posts/default
http://www.andrew-hoyer.com/atom.xml
http://portfolio.anthony-scavarelli.com/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BlogIvanDeMarino
http://feeds.feedburner.com/connectnothing
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PersistentInfo
http://blog.fishingcactus.com/index.php/feed/
http://feeds.macosxtips.co.uk/macosxtips
http://arjanvandergaag.nl/feed.xml
http://blog.goosoftware.co.uk/atom.xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/VincentLiu
http://beyondds.free.fr/rss.php
http://cscheid.net/rss/blog.xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/felixge
http://feeds.feedburner.com/tecosystems
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yeahrightkeller
http://feeds.wolfire.com/WolfireGames
http://ithaca.arpinum.org/atom.xml
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/codebetter
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/stevelosh
http://feeds.feedburner.com/introversion_blog
http://frictionalgames.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://garrys-brain.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://glandium.org/blog/?feed=rss2
http://glennmarshall.wordpress.com/feed/
http://illformed.org/feed/
http://imdoingitwrong.wordpress.com/feed/
http://julipedia.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://julio.meroh.net/feed.xml
http://kwigbo.com/rss
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml
http://lia-sae.net/en/feed/
http://loramel.net/feed/
http://lostgarden.com/atom.xml
http://mattgemmell.com/feed
http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/blog/feed.atom
http://methodart.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://n-e-r-v-o-u-s.com/blog/?feed=rss2
http://n00body.squarespace.com/journal/atom.xml
http://nighthacks.com/roller/jag/feed/entries/atom
http://nopjia.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://onedayitwillmake.com/blog/feed/
http://nvie.com/feed programming
http://openresearch.wordpress.com/feed/
http://opensourcevfx.org/feed/
http://oscarbg.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://pferrie.host22.com/rss.xml
http://www.pod2g.org/feeds/posts/default
http://polygonalhell.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://pragprog.com/feed/global
http://rc3.org/feed/
http://rdist.root.org/feed/
http://schani.wordpress.com/feed/
http://sebleedelisle.com/feed/
http://simonsarris.com/feed
http://speirs.org/blog/atom.xml
http://stochasticgeometry.wordpress.com/feed/
http://tangledhelix.com/atom.xml
http://teddziuba.com/atom.xml
http://thetoolsmiths.org/feed/
http://tianyizhou.wordpress.com/feed/
http://u2bleank.tumblr.com/rss
http://www.amsqr.com/feeds/posts/default
http://www.clicknothing.com/click_nothing/atom.xml
http://www.dadhacker.com/blog/?feed=rss2
http://www.dev.confettispecialfx.com/feed/rss
http://www.ozone3d.net/rss/index.php
http://www.ozone3d.net/blogs/lab/?feed=rss2
http://www.photonstorm.com/feed
http://www.revergestudios.com/reblog/index.php?n=ReCode.RecentChanges?action=rss?list=normal
http://www.dieantwoord.fr/feed/

# deep learning
https://medium.com/feed/@samim deep-learning
http://gitxiv.com/feed.xml xiv
http://torch.ch/blog/feed.xml

# dead feeds
http://3dideas.wordpress.com/feed/
http://5-gon.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default fractal
http://6cycles.maisonikkoku.com/6Cycles/6cycles/rss.xml
https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/blog/index.xml
http://zrusin.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://www.theinstructionlimit.com/?feed=rss2
http://www.nynaeve.net/?feed=rss2
http://lazarenko.me/feed
http://www.m4x0r.com/blog/feed/
http://www.nicklewis.org/node/feed
http://www.noxa.org/blog/feed/
http://www.rachelslabnotes.com/feed/
http://blog.luis.net/feeds/posts/default
http://blog.inspirit.ru/?feed=rss2
http://www.yakiimo3d.com/feed/
http://bassie-entertainment.com/feed
http://www.codeplay.com/blogs/feed.html
http://www.h4ck3r.net/atom.xml
http://cdtdoug.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://cdtdoug.ca/?feed=rss2
http://blog.bluelightninglabs.com/feed/
http://blog.smr.co.in/feed/
http://www.geenat.com/?feed=rss2
http://www.kevinbeason.com/worklog/feed/ programming graphics raytracing
http://blog.andre-michelle.com/feed/ programming audio
http://www.codesampler.com/feed/ programming graphics
http://cnicholson.net/feed/ programming
http://www.gbuffer.net/feed
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/camerons/rss.aspx
http://www.joehegarty.com/feed/
http://www.fragmentedmemory.com/feed/
http://www.decarpentier.nl/feed
http://www.flight404.com/blog/?feed=rss2
http://www.daimi.au.dk/~trier/?feed=rss2
http://codefortress.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://cellperformance.beyond3d.com/articles/atom.xml
http://www.codezealot.org/feed
http://blog.nealen.net/?feed=rss2
http://www.renderingevolution.net/?feed=rss2
http://cpp-next.com/feed/ programming c++
http://cre.ations.net/rss/recent
http://cocoawithlove.com/feeds/posts/default
http://andyfirth.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://blog.stlsoft-musings.net/feeds/posts/default
http://debugfailure.wordpress.com/feed/
http://davanum.wordpress.com/feed/
http://dagi3d.net/rss.xml
http://devboy.org/atom.xml
http://copypastepixel.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://cpp-today.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://engineroom.ubi.com/feed/
http://www.equalizergraphics.com/equalizer.rdf
http://desaxismundi.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://es.g0dsoft.com/?feed=rss2
http://pixellight.sourceforge.net/website/index.php/Blog/Atom
http://www.codermind.com/rss.xml
http://www.butamanrenderer.com/feed/atom/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ProGitBook
http://entland.homelinux.com/blog/feed/
http://tuomas.kulve.fi/blog/feed/
http://cgzoo.wordpress.com/feed/
http://cplusplusmusings.wordpress.com/feed/
http://encelo.netsons.org/feed/
http://www.chrisnorstrom.com/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ernstsson
http://www.anticore.org/jucetice/?feed=rss2
#http://www.catch22.net/rss.xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/buckblog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GallantGames
http://wholesalealgorithms.com/blog9/feed/
http://the-hydra.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://visualizethis.tumblr.com/rss
http://www.kloonigames.com/blog/feed
http://floitsch.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PerfectionKills
http://vertexasylum.com/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Typesites
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MmLabCategoryCode
http://cowboyprogramming.com/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ShatteredTerminal
http://carlosscheidegger.wordpress.com/feed/
http://castano.ludicon.com/blog/?feed=rss2
http://cpptesting.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://devel.leonard-ritter.com/feeds/posts/default
http://feeds.feedburner.com/FlipcodeNews
http://feeds.feedburner.com/subblue
http://got-ravings.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://hackmii.com/feed/
http://hilbert-space.de/?feed=rss2 programming
http://ian-ni-lewis.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://igetyourfail.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://igoro.com/feed/
http://iloapp.quelsolaar.com/blog/news?RSS
http://imagequalitymatters.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://industrialarithmetic.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://intrinsicalgorithm.com/IAonAI/feed/
http://jalf.dk/blog/feed/
http://jhw.dreamwidth.org/data/rss
http://jrobinsonmedia.wordpress.com/feed/
http://kaourantin.net/atom.xml
http://kranwasser.de/?feed=rss2
http://lendy.emsky.net/?feed=rss2
http://levelofdetail.wordpress.com/feed/
http://liar.bramz.net/feed/
http://lightway3d.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://machinesdontcare.wordpress.com/feed/
http://mashandmish.wordpress.com/feed/
http://misinformedcognoscenti.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://misko.hevery.com/feed/
http://morecycles.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://mycodefit.com/?feed=rss2
http://nat.org/blog/feed/
http://nginxlibrary.com/atom.xml
http://paulkeir.wordpress.com/feed/
http://phimuemue.com/phimuemue_rss.xml
http://phresnel.org/blog/?feed=rss2
http://pixelero.wordpress.com/feed/
http://pixelstoomany.wordpress.com/feed
http://prideout.net/blog/?feed=rss2
http://purplepwny.com/feed.xml
http://quicksketch.org/rss.xml web
http://realizedpotential.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://reliablesoftware.wordpress.com/feed/
http://renderwonk.com/blog/index.php/feed/
http://risbrandt.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://rpg-314.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://rss.lists.apple.com/perfoptimization-dev.rss
http://scottbilas.com/feed/
http://seven-degrees-of-freedom.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://shapeshop3d.com/blog/feed/
http://skypher.com/index.php/feed/
http://softtalkblog.com/feed/
http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://syoyo.wordpress.com/feed/
http://t-t-travails.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://therealdblack.wordpress.com/feed/
http://threekings.tk/layouts/pengine/index.php/site/rss
http://tilander.org/aurora2/rss2.xml
http://tomayko.com/feed
http://unitzeroone.com/blog/feed/
http://www.alphanew.net/feed.php?section=alphanew&site=overview&lang=eng
http://www.atmind.nl/?feed=rss2
http://www.jb101.co.uk/feed/
http://www.ozone3d.net/blogs/demoniak3d/?feed=rss2
http://www.palgorithm.co.uk/feed/
http://x264dev.multimedia.cx/feed
https://mollyrocket.com/418?style=2
